so i was looking through the 3dmark
leaderboards the other day because uh
steve over at gamer's nexus was talking
some smack about our benchmarking skills
i didn't see it though i don't watch his
videos
as usual
kingpin from evga is way up at the top
holding the record in 3d mark times by
extreme and all that stuff but when i
looked a little closer i saw what's this
he's only using a 7980xc
18 core processor with four gtx 1080 ti
graphics cards and i thought
this is my opportunity my one shot my
mom's spaghetti
i can't beat him with liquid nitrogen
cooling and like sawed off graphics
cards with custom power delivery boards
soldered to the back of them but what i
do have
is better hardware than that
so
my plan
is to use 56 cpu cores in our asus c621e
sage ws and four
four of nvidia's quadro
gv100s
which cost a whopping nine
thousand dollars each
and today's video is brought to you by
thermaltake thermaltake's level 20 cases
feature radiator mounting for water
cooling gaming focused aesthetics and
beautiful tempered glass panels check
them out at the link in the video
description
are you not entertained i'm gonna throw
in a quick spoiler alert here my uh
dastardly plan to troll you guys with
this setup
didn't work out but it's still worth
going through the process because it is
a pretty
unreal rig
so problem number one
sli support for gaming on quadros the
gv100 with its high-speed hbm2 memory
and massive
5376 cuda cores should be a little
faster than a titan v
which is faster than a gtx 1080 ti or
titan xp right out of the box so
even though i can't liquid nitrogen cool
these things
i should be able to make up a lot of the
difference in just outright faster
hardware
except for one problem
these cards don't support three-way or
four-way sli so this right here is
called an nv-link connector and it is
only designed for these cards anyway to
put two of them together at a time so
while you can actually run sli over envy
link
it's not really intended for that it's
more for resource and memory sharing in
3d modeling or compute applications
fortunately though i do have a way
around that so this
is a quadro sync 2 board and you'll
probably recognize it if you've watched
one of our
many k
like 16k gaming videos where we've used
it to game on an array of as many as 16
monitors at once now
this thing's purpose is primarily video
display walls like
giant digital signage deployments for
example to keep the monitors from
getting out of sync which would cause
weird tearing issues
but we already know that it works for
gaming as long as the resolution we're
running at isn't too much for the frame
buffer of each individual card
so
that got me thinking what if
instead of plugging multiple monitors
into each one of the cards because
remember the more pixels each card
drives the harder it is for you to run
the game
what if instead of that we just ran a
single 1080p display out of each one in
a 2x2 grid for a total of 4k
well these are each 32 gig cards
so
should be just fine
bringing us to problem number two
even if you had a monitor like this one
it's 1080p it's got super thin bezels
it's inexpensive
you still have a problem nobody wants to
game where four bezels intersect because
that's right where your crosshair is
this
was by far my favorite part of my idea
for this video and what prompted me to
go ahead with it now i had intended like
i said to troll you guys with some
unbelievable benchmarks
with like a test bench under a sheet or
something to make you guys think that i
had rtx cards early or something but
you'd never buy that if i had four of
these monitors on an arm like we did
back when we did our first 8k gaming
setup
so
what if we used lg's 43 ud-79
it's 43 inches
4k
and
thanks to its four
separate inputs
it could be split into quadrants
so
let's get it set up shall we
one thing i should do while we're
setting this up is give a massive shout
out to benny over at memex who did a
personal favor hooking me up um very
last minute with one of these guys
actually two of them
display port to hdmi 2.0
active adapters the active parts
important because
well for one thing
these quadros don't have hdmi so you
have to run displayport and we've only
got
two displayport inputs on this monitor
only one of which is actually usable
because it's a type c
and you can't adapt this to that there
are cables but they are directional
cables they don't go both ways the
quadro sync 2 card here
only works if every one of these cards
is hooked up to the same type of display
the card has to think its displayport so
that's why the active signal adapter is
important so every card thinks it's
hooked up to displayport
just the amount of like hassle that i
went through to get this thing working
just
you know
but it was totally worth it sort of
here's an example of one of those
directional cables they only go from a
type c output like on your
laptop or something to a displayport
monitor they don't go the other way oh
it totally makes sense it's just not
something that i thought about when this
video was in the early conceptualization
stages
can we all just stop and appreciate for
a moment
that this is
thousand dollars worth of graphics cards
here
i guess uh
you know props to nvidia for lending
them to us even though we're totally not
doing what we said we were gonna do with
them
nvidia gets real cagey about gaming on
quadros they just
they don't like people talking about it
okay so
hdmi 4 hdmi three that's what i want
boom
yeah
done
finish
and you can see how seamless it is as
you move between them so you'll get a
little bit of tearing we got a little
bit vertically there generally actually
that's probably about the worst i've
seen but then you can see here moving
between these two we get nothing
oh and now see it's behave oh yeah so
it's not perfect but i figured it would
be good enough to trick you guys
all right let's bring up some 3d mark
here
and there it is times by extreme
i think this would have been believable
[Music]
yeah you can see
the characters walking right through the
intersection of all four of them and you
can't see any terry
pretty neat
and
yeah
so that's pretty
underwhelming but
perhaps
if we weren't so cpu bottlenecked so
while our cpu score is actually really
good like 10 000
that's just because we got a great score
in the cpu tests
not because that cpu is actually uh not
causing a bottleneck for our overpowered
graphics setup so
maybe what we could do
is transfer the whole thing onto a bench
with a 7980xe
so why don't we do that
maybe we can alleviate the cpu
bottleneck a little bit because we've
got lots of cores here but they're not
particularly fast you know you do enough
bench swaps
you get pretty fast at it
and
as expected this is really not a lot
better also i'm having another weird
issue where the color is a little bit
off on the bottom left quadrant for some
reason i've actually run this before on
both of these setups i have no idea what
it's doing this time as you guys can
imagine by this point in this whole
process i was feeling pretty discouraged
because we are a far cry
from the
results that i was expecting
i mean it's not like the entire thing is
terrible like here we can we can fire up
a game here and uh see that actually
like in game performance looks pretty
darn good and we're just gonna ignore
this weirdness because this is the first
time i've seen that
but
this is not the benchmark breaker
that i was really hoping that it would
be
oh
i know what it is
it's the whole um
0 to 255 versus 16 to whatever
black depth thing
ah
how do you adjust that
you know what i bet i have to break down
the mosaic
you can see not in mosaic i'm not having
the issue so i think it's just a matter
of like
it just
went wonka for a second there
yeah see it works perfectly this time
so let's run a game or two on this thing
not bad
so what i can hope for here
is that
we will get some pretty awesome frame
rates in gta 5.
why is this game
so bad at running in full screen
hey anthony can i borrow you for a
minute
no i don't want to like can i just get
five is so horrible change more things
than one at a time like
okay how do you how do you crank it
uh you have to manually crank it
should we crank all the settings first
before we start again you can't you can
reset it if you say no so the good news
is throughout the process of getting all
of our gta 5 settings cranked this
tearing line down the middle is gone so
that's pretty cool
now we can see if our 4k performance is
impressive
because
we have got this thing dialed in to hurt
anything other than a godly graphics
card set up
why is that off
did it even oh it did it registered
everything else just not the msaa so
that's
neat
multiple reboots later we've got all
that on
yes i want to keep the new settings yes
yes yes
and then we should be able to do
extended shadow distances now
now let's find out
if in a situation where we're not quite
so cpu bottlenecked
this thing can knock our socks off
anthony are you ready
am i ready yeah are you ready are you
ready are you ready i'm ready i'm ready
it's loading still so what would you
expect
i would say this will do like
you think so
yeah that's
that's stuttering
it's suffering
so
i still maintain this was a pretty cool
idea
perhaps works in gta 5 dx11 yeah yes
let's just let's just throw it on here
okay so how impressed are you for uh 36
thousand dollars
all right let's see what it's actually
running at here yeah no no it's just
only running at like 30 fps okay what is
a pelts or v8 something or
oh 15 fps oh oh okay well i mean that
was clearly the frame rate drops this is
very realistic car physics we've got
going on here
are you saying you don't ride your car
along walls i'm saying that they
probably wanted this car in their pool
and i'm doing them a favor
so
basically between the amount of gpu
horsepower we have and the difficulty of
synchronizing them and managing
resources between them there are many
many bottlenecks that prevent this
theoretically cool setup from actually
performing well in the real world
speaking of performing well in the real
world corsair's strafe mk2 or mark ii
mechanical rgb keyboard is an update
from the previous fan favorite and now
has all the features you've been asking
for it comes in either cherry mx red or
cherry mx silent switches with reds
offering smooth and linear actuation
with silence dampening the sound by
thirty percent it's got a hundred
percent anti-ghosting with 104 key
rollovers no matter how fast all of your
keystrokes are on the keyboard it will
register all of them it's got eight mags
of built-in storage so you can take all
your rgb configurations and macro
customization with you it's got easy
access multimedia audio controls
allowing you to make on-the-fly
adjustments and the top of the keyboard
is a built-in usb passthrough which
allows you to plug in a mouse smartphone
flash drive etc
so check it out at the link in the video
description
thanks for watching guys if you disliked
this video you can hit that button but
if you liked it hit like get subscribed
or maybe consider checking out where to
buy the stuff we featured assuming that
you have a real professional task to use
them for at the link in the video
description also down there is our merch
store which has cool shirts not like
this one they're dead ah which has cool
shirts and our community forum which you
should totally join